Added Accessibility Testing basics how to article (#1204)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/accessibility/test-color-blindness.md

---

> description: To check that a webpage is usable by people with color blindness, in the Rendering tool, use the Emulate Vision Deficiencies dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Check that webpages are usable by people with color blindness using the Emulate Vision Deficiencies dropdown list in the Rendering tool.
```

title: Verify that the page is usable by people with color blindness
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 05/13/2021
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: microsoft edge, web development, f12 tools, devtools
---
# Verify that the page is usable by people with color blindness

<!-- Rendering tool: Emulate vision deficiencies: Protanopia -->

To check that a webpage is usable by people with color blindness, in the **Rendering** tool, use the **Emulate vision deficiencies** dropdown list.

> In the accessibility-testing demo webpage, the different donation states use color as the only means to differentiate between the states of funding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the accessibility-testing demo webpage, the different donation states use color as the only means of differentiation.
```

> *  Green means high donations have been received.
> *  Yellow means medium donations have been received.
> *  Red means low donations have been received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Green means a high amount of donations have been received.
*  Yellow means a medium amount of donations have been received.
*  Red means a low amount of donations have been received.
```

But you can't expect all of your users to experience these colors as intended.  By using the **Emulate vision deficiencies** feature of the **Rendering** tool, you can find out that this design is not good enough, by simulating how people with different vision would perceive your design.

> **To check whether a webpage is usable by people with color blindness:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check whether a webpage is usable by people with color blindness:
```

1.  Open the [accessibility-testing demo webpage][DevToolsA11yErrorsDemopage] in a new tab of the browser, and then select **F12** to open DevTools.

> 1.  Select **Esc** to open the Drawer at the bottom of DevTools.  Select the **+** icon at the top of the Drawer to see the list of tools, and then select **Rendering**.  The Rendering tool appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select **Esc** to open the Drawer at the bottom of DevTools.  Select the **+** icon at the top of the Drawer to see the list of tools, and then select **Rendering**.  
```

1.  In the **Emulate vision deficiencies** dropdown list, select **Protanopia**.  _Protanopia_ is reduced sensitivity to red light, making it hard to differentiate green, red, and yellow.

:::image type="complex" source="../media/a11y-testing-simulating-protanopia.msft.png" alt-text="Showing the document as someone with protanopia would see it" lightbox="../media/a11y-testing-simulating-protanopia.msft.png":::
    Showing the document as someone with protanopia would see it
:::image-end:::

> 1.  In the **Rendering** tool, below **Emulate vision deficiencies**, select **No emulation**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the **Rendering** tool, below **Emulate vision deficiencies**, select **No emulation** to remove the simulation.
```

Reviewer: This bulleted item renders as 1 and not 4.
